docs(cache-components): clarify allow-runtime, sync-IO and instant=false, CLS fallback (#94997)
vercel/next.js: errors/blocking-prerender-current-time.mdx

}
```

#### Alternative: `await io()`

> If you'd rather not tie the read to an HTTP request context, use [`io()`](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/io) from `next/cache`. It signals a request-time IO read and works the same way as `connection()` in the streaming case, plus inside `"use cache"` scopes and Client Components where `connection()` throws.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid tying the read to an HTTP request context, use [`[io()](https://chatgpt.com/docs/app/api-reference/functions/io)`](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/io) from `next/cache`. It marks the read as request-time IO and behaves like `connection()` for streaming, with the added benefit that it also works inside `"use cache"` scopes and Client Components, where `connection()` throws.
```

Author: fixed (without the chatgpt link)
